The dot over a lowercase i and j has a name!
Water makes different sounds depending on its temperature!
McDonald's invented a sweet-tasting type of broccoli!
Rabbits can't be sick!
Humans are the only animals that blush!
The hashtag symbol has a fancy term!
Apple pie isn't American!
It would take 19 minutes to fall to the centre of the earth!
You can draw a line 35 miles long using one pencil!
Dog's noses are unique!
Rhythm is the longest English word...
The first speeding fine took place in 1896!
The smallest dinosaur to exist is called a Microraptor!
Oranges are naturally green!
A dog was once voted as a mayor four times!
The abbreviation OMG was used over 100 years ago!
The Sahara Desert isn't that sandy!
The Eiffel Tower grows 6 inches in the summer!
The first 3D film was released almost a century ago!
Scotland's national animal is a unicorn!
Easter Island's Moai statues actually have bodies!
Candy floss was invented by a dentist!
M&M'S doesn't stand for Mmm and Mmm, believe it or not!
A human can sweat around 26 gallons in bed every year!
Space has a smell!
Sloths don't fart!
There are 421 words for snow in Scotland!
There are 100 folds in a chef's hat!
There are earthquakes on the moon!
The letter Q is not featured in any of the 50 states!
Chicago is nicknamed The Windy City
The longest English word is 189,819 letters long! *methionylthreonylthreonylglutaminylalanyl…*
You will always see the same side of the moon!
Sloths can hold their breath longer than a dolphin!
Most Muppets are left-handed!
Pringles have an official shape!
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
It's impossible to hum while holding your nose!
Pigs do not sweat!
There are thousands of rubber ducks lost at sea
A film star invented wifi
Starlings can sound like your phone
Pandas fake pregnancy!
Doctors used to diagnose you from your humours
It would take an hour to drive to space
Pineapples were once luxury objects
Animals used to be put on trial
The tallest ever human was a man called Robert Waldo
It's illegal to own only one guinea pig in Switzerland